We made a fractional real estate marketplace so users can invest in percentages of houses, without having to buy the whole house. Then, whenever they want to liquidate the shares that they own in the house, they can put a request to sell their shares on a secondary marketplace where people with similar interests can buy them. This system works on blockchain technology where a user is assigned tokens, rather than trading parts of LLC's(which is what the houses are placed under). It looks similar to a brokerage app like Robinhood, Webull, etc, but instead of stocks to invest in, you can invest in fractions of house ownership. The goal is to enable users to invest in houses and receive payouts monthly in the form of rent, and/or sell the house shares for a higher price later on their accord, which is what we do differently from Arrived Homes. 


We have one major competitor, Arrived Homes. The problem with their model is that they don't provide secondary liquidity. On average, when a user buys a portion of a house on Arrived, their money is locked in that house for multiple years, with limited secondary liquidity methods being rare buybacks from the company. This is what we are doing differently from Arrived. We are shifting the premise from a real estate investment app, to a stock market-like fractional real estate app. We are aware that trading securities is not an ideal undertaking due to extra legal requirements, but that is what we intend to do with the money and connections we receive from YC, i.e, get SEC registration, hire a licensed broker, scaling, etc. We also operate under blockchain technology which Arrived does not do; they have teams that manually handle the percent ownerships of a house, and due to the manual approval process at Arrived, they cannot trade securities among the users. This is what we hope to do differently, by assigning users tokens instead of portions of an LLC, we can make the trading process doable, easy, and not needing to be approved by anyone, similar to how brokerage apps do it.


Our competitors, Arrived Homes(no liquidity) and Lofty AI(instant liquidity) do not allow this. Our platform will allow users to buy fractional ownership and make rental income. Then, we will slowly add liquidity opportunities; first being quarterly liquidity windows, then a true secondary marketplace. 